feat: restructured ILP doc (#729)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/operations/capacity-planning.md

### InfluxDB over TCP

> We have [a page dedicated to capacity planning of ILP](/docs/reference/api/influxdb-line-protocol/#capacity-planning)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have [a documentation page](/docs/reference/api/influxdb-line-protocol/#capacity-planning) dedicated to capacity planning for ILP ingestion.
```
